Now that we've covered some of the basic
building blocks of time series analysis,
we can start discussing the first model
types we'll be looking at in this
course, exponential smoothing models.
Exponential smoothing forecasts use
weighed averages of past observations,
giving more weight to the most recent
observation with weights gradually
getting smaller as
the observation gets older.
The E, T and
S terms represent how error, trend, and
seasonality are applied in
the smoothing method calculation.
Each term can be applied either
additively, multiplicatively, or
in some cases be left out
of the model all together.
This framework allows for
a wide spectrum of time series analysis
due to simplicity of the calculation.